Add ICS29 section in Hermes guide (#3186)
informalsystems/hermes: guide/src/documentation/commands/fee/transfer.md

# Fungible token transfer with fees

Use the `fee transfer` command to send an `IncentivizedPacket`.

```shell
{{#include ../../../templates/help_templates/fee/transfer.md}}
```

__Example__

> Send a transfer packets from the `transfer` module and `channel-0` of `ibc-0` to `ibc-1`. Each transfer if for `9999` `samoleans` (default denomination), ICS29 fees of 50 `samoleans` for `recv_fee`, 25 `samoleans` for `ack_fee`, `10` `samoleans` for `timeout_fee and a timeout offset of `10` blocks. The transfer fee is paid by the associated account on `ibc-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a transfer packet from the `transfer` module and `channel-0` of `ibc-0` to `ibc-1`. Each transfer is for `9999` `samoleans` (default denomination), ICS29 fees of 50 `samoleans` for `recv_fee`, 25 `samoleans` for `ack_fee`, `10` `samoleans` for `timeout_fee` and a timeout offset of `10` blocks. The transfer fee is paid by the associated account on `ibc-1`.
```
